hang lineup they come in at 43 and 23
Karl Malone making his third start since
returning from that knee injury up front
with Rick Fox Shaquille O'Neal talking
about returns again and again Kobe
Bryant and Gary Payton in the backcourt
the head coaches Phil Jackson he's
assisted by Jim Clemons Frank Hamlin
Kurt Rambis Tex winter and the trainer
is gary BTW the magic come in losers a
five out of their last seven including
most recently saturday by 14 up at
seattle juwan howard upfront deshawn
stevenson they required him at the
deadline from utah andrew de Klerk in
the middle tracy mcgrady and former
Laker very popular player here in Los
Angeles good to see him again Tyrann lue
and Johnny Davis the head coach
currently at 18 and 39 stew well this
team has obviously been having his
problems all season long and Lakers
finally getting at home up this long
road trip where they have been pretty
good against the East no eastern team to
beat of here at Staples well some magic
when they go out on the road they
haven't beaten any Western Conference
team they beat the very few Eastern
Conference teams the magic in their Road
black pinstripe uniforms and Shaquille
O'Neal on the lake
recapped his two games since returning
from that right knee ligament tear
McGrady pulls up he said on the arm that
will be a couple of free throws he's
been least now the magic are big in the
backcourt in penguin McGrady line drive
pull-up jump shot nice screen by andrew
de Klerk steady diet of that down in
Orlando back at Staples Center there's
the high screen Shaq comes out to show
but Grady snap pass inside to Andrew de
klerk right at the rim jump shot nope
O'Grady takes another rebound nice pass
to the drug handle it well that was a
pretty good look the clerk needs to make
that play alone stays right on it good
defense by the Lakers but they came
close the deal to Sean Stephenson takes
the offensive rebound hi Archer no and
andrew de Klerk off to a very good start
tracing nobody's looking on about a 28
footer must be nice to have that light
wow I mean there's such a thing of heat
there's a green light and then there's
the light to tracy has its first person
about like there's not out of fouls and
basketball to be played as tracy mcgrady
showing he's got a very strong off hand
as well tracy mcgrady so far as
advertised 7.3 out of 5 shooting takes
more field goal attempts than any player
in the NBA just about 24 per game
McGrady still on the dribble looking for
somewhere to go come back to the ball
another screen Cox bounces off of that
pull-up jump shot good again by
mccrady's got ten just had such a
passing truck they're not responding to
or left all alone from 18 feet p channel
and tmac as advertised no surprise too I
mean in started this game off he had
about 10 points or so before the Lakers
they even found out there was one the
defensive end the leading scorer in the
league on page for another 40 points
evening as we've got 11 points on 4 out
of 7 from the field with one minute and
40 to play in the first 62 points win
three most by players since the 93-94
season bc McGrady of Shawn Brooks mrs.
off the iron McGrady right over the top
throws up an air ball
Tracy checking the wind wait here what
happened I was there a minute ago and
the wind wasn't blowing in that
direction but I guess it's picked up
quite a bit but fette kids funny first
team to get two stops in a row they win
they'll call time out an award a game
ball for the defensive player of the
game tracy mcgrady turns and makes his
first jump shot of the second period he
now has 13 since coming on Tyrann lue
with it left side looking for who else
and the side is cleared from a great
explain jump shot good again here comes
McGrady McGrady turns on the Jets gets
down the lane loses control because he
was hit on the arm and it'll be two
free-throws coming to McGrady two free
throws coming trying to run his point
total to 17 as he goes to his left and
Devon Georgia reaching in coming for
some help his Kareem Rush hits him right
in the face then down the face long to
the arm Tracy says I'm all right go but
I'm on fire from the field I'm not going
to get hurt tonight I feel like another
40 to 50 point game last Wednesday vs
washington when he went 462 as tracy
makes the free throws 20 of 37 from the
floor 5 of 14 from three-point range got
to the free-throw line 26 times made 17
and then back that up albeit at a losing
her on Saturday were 40 at Seattle we
know enjoy McCrady back to the basket
first faces once again and he is bumped
by Devin jewel there's a good example
when he caught the ball he had his back
to the basket Devin his crowd me as soon
as he pivots and faces up without
committing his dribble offensively me
defensively think he has to give him a
little bit of space or else any contact
is going to go under the vendor that his
feelings be known for some reason the
official seems to have it the last set
surprise Kobe now be guarding Tracy
McGrady McGrady comes down the lane and
lays it up and in he's here in los
angeles kobe back and down on Stephenson
gets all the way down inside shot
blocked by Howard
running from tracy mcgrady transition
basketball the lakers quickly into the
front court and andrew de Klerk fouls
Kobe and it'll be two free-throws coming
to the Lakers Kobe Bryant and Kobe
looking for his first points of the
night one of the reasons maybe why the
Lakers are down other than their defense
as the direct connect play the magic in
transition in Howard with the finish
that's good decision past the Tracy and
Tracy immediately gives it up that's
that's nice basketball just under three
and a half minutes remaining wonderful
lakers away to the four minutes to go in
the fourth quarter to show that sense of
urgency coby's got to be careful running
shoe around all those screens guarding
McGrady hit him on the arm and it's
going to be two free-throws coming to
Tracy McGrady 2 plus 1 3 3gs tracy again
welcome on d at three point line Coby
trying to challenge the shot tracy goes
up for it referee says you're hitting
right on the arm which he definitely did
free throws will be attempted so
everybody
danke mount zion christian academy now
in his seventh season all 24 years of
age the magic going to face the school
about 70 in this half 70 they've got 59
with 320 to play that is embarrassing to
the Laker defense McGrady makes two out
of three free throws so far in the game
in 18 minutes he's got 21 points
back-to-back oops now they're going to
eat back-to-back stops again something
they haven't been able to do a Grady
staff that called a freely harassing
Tracy
they're bored deshawn stevenson with the
slam dunk a little showboating pretty
close to a technical foul get Tracy
McGrady to take a tough shot as Kobe's
up there good challenge of the shot for
them look at Stevenson nobody puts a
body on him because they turned their
head on the shot and without getting
contact with the man they're guarding
first so that gives the sean stevenson
clear path to the real sex got the
offensive rebound misses that and the
first time comes it'll come up short and
that last possession sort of epitomizes
some of the laker frustrations all that
was it their offensive and they have
been terrible at the defensive end where
they had an opportunity there to get a
little bit of mo going into the locker
room but came up short again Shaq led
the Lakers with 15 tracy mcgrady had 21
first-half points along with some